README for Corelogic Data (2-10-2020)

The Corelogic dataset is essentially property data, including information about sales prices, land value, and mortgage lending. As of Feb 2020, SDAD has two types of Corelogic data: (1) Corelogic SDAD Data, which SDAD bought directly from Corelogic, and (2) Corelogic USDA Data, which SDAD acquired from USDA. While a considerable amount of this data is overlapping, SDAD bought their data a little bit later than the USDA so it is likely more comprehensive than the USDA version. In the SDAD dataset, we only have tax history data while in the USDA dataset we have both tax and deed data. 

If you look at the tables using pgAdmin, the Corelogic SDAD Data (i.e. corelogic_sdad.Tables) currently organized into six tables (tax_hist_1, tax_hist_1_18, tax_hist_1_51, tax_hist_2, tax_hist_2_18, tax_hist_2_51). These names do not carry much meaning, as this essentially all just one large table that was too big to put together on the database. If you look at the Corelogic USDA data, you will see 23 tables, which are generally divided into tax and deed data. While the usda_deed tables are organized by year (2005-2015), the usda_tax_history data is NOT organized by years. In other words, the numbers (i.e. usda_tax_history_01 - usda_tax_history_10) do NOT correspond to years for the tax history data. Both the tax and deed data should be relatively complete for the years 2005-2015, but there may also be some 2016-2017 data as well, but Neil has suggested that this could be incomplete. Brandon needs to update this README after learning more. 